docs/gympify/installation-cpanel.md, before:

---
titleTemplate: Gympify
---

# Installation

Welcome to the **Gympify Installation Guide**! This documentation will guide you through the process of setting up a basic **Gympify** instance on **cPanel shared hosting**.

::: info Upgrade Guide
To upgrade your existing Gympify installation, please follow the detailed instructions in the [Upgrade Guide](./upgrade.md).
:::

::: tip Quick Note
If you're looking to install Gympify on **VPS (Virtual Private Server)**, refer to the [VPS Installation Guide](./installation.md).  
:::

::: warning
While Gympify **can be installed on shared hosting**, for optimal performance and scalability, we highly recommend using a **VPS** or a **dedicated server**. Shared hosting lacks the advanced configuration capabilities required for certain Gympify features.
:::

<!--@include: ./prerequisites.md-->

<!--@include: ./download.md-->

<!--@include: ./cpanel/database.md-->

<!--@include: ./gui-install.md-->

<!--@include: ./cpanel/cron-job.md-->

<!--@include: ./cpanel/queues.md-->

<!--@include: ./post-install.md-->

Commit message:

Add license acquisition guide and update installation documentation for Gympify

docs/gympify/installation-cpanel.md, after:

---
titleTemplate: Gympify
---

# Installation

Welcome to the **Gympify Installation Guide**! This documentation will guide you through the process of setting up a basic **Gympify** instance on **cPanel shared hosting**.

::: info Upgrade Guide
To upgrade your existing Gympify installation, please follow the detailed instructions in the [Upgrade Guide](./upgrade.md).
:::

::: tip Quick Note
If you're looking to install Gympify on **VPS (Virtual Private Server)**, refer to the [VPS Installation Guide](./installation.md).  
:::

::: warning
While Gympify **can be installed on shared hosting**, for optimal performance and scalability, we highly recommend using a **VPS** or a **dedicated server**. Shared hosting lacks the advanced configuration capabilities required for certain Gympify features.
:::

<!--@include: ./prerequisites.md-->

<!--@include: ./download.md-->

<!--@include: ./cpanel/database.md-->

## How to Get a License

To use Gympify, you need to obtain a valid license. Please refer to the [How to Get a License Guide](/nitrofit28/how-to-get-license) for detailed instructions on acquiring and activating your license.

<!--@include: ./gui-install.md-->

<!--@include: ./cpanel/cron-job.md-->

<!--@include: ./cpanel/queues.md-->

<!--@include: ./post-install.md-->
