docs/bouncify/index.md, before:

---
titleTemplate: Bouncify
---

# Bulk Email Verification & Lead Management Platform (SaaS)

## Introduction
Bouncify is a powerful email validation SaaS system. It helps businesses maintain clean email lists, improve deliverability, and enhance email marketing performance through advanced validation rules and comprehensive management tools.

Created: `Apr 1st, 2025`<br>
By: `Coderstm`<br>
Email: `hello@coderstm.com`<br>
Version: `v1.0`

Thank you for purchasing this product. If you have any questions that are beyond the scope of this help file, please feel free to email via my user page contact form here for quickly support. Thank you so much!

## Demo
Homepage: https://bouncify.coderstm.com<br>
Admin Area: https://bouncify.coderstm.com/admin<br>
User Area: https://bouncify.coderstm.com/user (Real Demo)<br>
Username: `hello@coderstm.com`<br>
Password: `Pa$$w0rd!`

## Features

### Admin Panel
- **SaaS Management**
  - Complete admin panel to manage the email validation system
  - Create and manage credit plans and pricing
  - Configure custom email validation rules
  - Manage all users and their credit plans
  - Comprehensive sales and financial reporting

- **User Management**
  - Complete user management system with role-based access
  - Staff and permissions management
  - System logs and activity monitoring
  - User engagement and usage analytics

- **Content & System Tools**
  - Drag and drop frontend builder
  - Inbuilt email validation rule configuration
  - Blog post management and support ticketing system
  - Email and SMS notification system configuration
  - Affiliate management system [Upcoming]

### User Panel
- **Email Validation Core Features**
  - Single email validation (similar to ZeroBounce)
  - Bulk email validation (similar to ZeroBounce)
  - Validate emails from CSV, Excel, or Text files using background processing
  - Secure API for email validation integration
  - Interactive dashboard with comprehensive statistics

- **Team & Collaboration**
  - Add and manage team members with custom permissions
  - Custom validation rules creation [Upcoming]
  - Activity logging and audit trails

- **Integrations & Extensions**
  - Third-party integrations with Zapier, Pipedrive, Hubspot, Salesforce, etc. [Upcoming]
  - Webhook configurations for automated workflows
  - API documentation and usage examples
  - Affiliate system for referrals [Upcoming]

- **Additional Features**
  - Multi-language support
  - Easy to set up and configure
  - Clean, well-organized code
  - Free lifetime updates
  - Quick, dedicated, and professional support

## Coderstm Team
Visit us at https://coderstm.com

Commit message:

Add links to Server Requirements Guide in introduction and installation sections

docs/bouncify/index.md, after:

---
titleTemplate: Bouncify
---

# Bulk Email Verification & Lead Management Platform (SaaS)

## Introduction
Bouncify is a powerful email validation SaaS system. It helps businesses maintain clean email lists, improve deliverability, and enhance email marketing performance through advanced validation rules and comprehensive management tools. Check our [server requirements](/bouncify/faqs/server-requirements) for optimal deployment of this SaaS solution.

Created: `Apr 1st, 2025`<br>
By: `Coderstm`<br>
Email: `hello@coderstm.com`<br>
Version: `v1.0`

Thank you for purchasing this product. If you have any questions that are beyond the scope of this help file, please feel free to email via my user page contact form here for quickly support. Thank you so much!

## Demo
Homepage: https://bouncify.coderstm.com<br>
Admin Area: https://bouncify.coderstm.com/admin<br>
User Area: https://bouncify.coderstm.com/user (Real Demo)<br>
Username: `hello@coderstm.com`<br>
Password: `Pa$$w0rd!`

## Features

### Admin Panel
- **SaaS Management**
  - Complete admin panel to manage the email validation system
  - Create and manage credit plans and pricing
  - Configure custom email validation rules
  - Manage all users and their credit plans
  - Comprehensive sales and financial reporting

- **User Management**
  - Complete user management system with role-based access
  - Staff and permissions management
  - System logs and activity monitoring
  - User engagement and usage analytics

- **Content & System Tools**
  - Drag and drop frontend builder
  - Inbuilt email validation rule configuration
  - Blog post management and support ticketing system
  - Email and SMS notification system configuration
  - Affiliate management system [Upcoming]

### User Panel
- **Email Validation Core Features**
  - Single email validation (similar to ZeroBounce)
  - Bulk email validation (similar to ZeroBounce)
  - Validate emails from CSV, Excel, or Text files using background processing
  - Secure API for email validation integration
  - Interactive dashboard with comprehensive statistics

- **Team & Collaboration**
  - Add and manage team members with custom permissions
  - Custom validation rules creation [Upcoming]
  - Activity logging and audit trails

- **Integrations & Extensions**
  - Third-party integrations with Zapier, Pipedrive, Hubspot, Salesforce, etc. [Upcoming]
  - Webhook configurations for automated workflows
  - API documentation and usage examples
  - Affiliate system for referrals [Upcoming]

- **Additional Features**
  - Multi-language support
  - Easy to set up and configure
  - Clean, well-organized code
  - Free lifetime updates
  - Quick, dedicated, and professional support

## Coderstm Team
Visit us at https://coderstm.com
