docs/bouncify/installation.md, before:

---
titleTemplate: Bouncify
---

# Installation

This section will guide you through setting up a basic Bouncify documentation site from scratch.

::: danger WARNING
Bouncify can't be installed on shared hosting. It requires a VPS or dedicated server with root access. If you are using shared hosting, please consider upgrading to a VPS or dedicated server.
:::

::: info
For upgrading your existing Bouncify installation, please refer to the [Upgrade Guide](/bouncify/upgrade) for detailed instructions.
:::

## Server Requirements

To run **Bouncify** efficiently, ensure that your server meets the following requirements. These include the web server, PHP version, necessary extensions, and database requirements.

#### Web Server
- **Apache**, **nginx**, or any other compatible web server.

#### PHP Requirements
- **PHP Version**: >= 8.3 (Recommended: Latest stable release of PHP 8.3 or 8.4)
- **Required PHP Extensions**:
  - **BCMath**
  - **Ctype**
  - **cURL**
  - **DOM**
  - **Fileinfo**
  - **JSON**
  - **Mbstring**
  - **OpenSSL**
  - **PCRE**
  - **PDO**
  - **SQLite**
  - **Tokenizer**
  - **XML**

#### Database
- **MySQL**: Latest version recommended (minimum MySQL 5.7 or MariaDB 10.2)

#### Recommended Configurations
For optimal performance:
- Use **nginx** as the web server for faster performance and scalability.
- Enable **Opcache** to improve PHP execution speed.
- Allocate sufficient memory (`memory_limit`) in your `php.ini` file (e.g., 1024M or higher).

#### Verify Your Server Setup
Run the following command to check your PHP environment and confirm required extensions are enabled:

```bash
php -m
```

This command will list all installed PHP modules. Cross-check it with the list above to ensure compatibility.

::: warning
This project utilizes the latest Laravel version (currently 11.x). Refer to the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) for more information.

The root folder for Laravel is `/public`. Do not install it in a sub-folder; using a sub-domain is preferable over a sub-folder. We do not support installing our product in a sub-folder.
:::

## How to Get a License

To use Bouncify, you need to obtain a valid license directly from our website. We do not use Envato purchase codes. Please refer to the [How to Get a License Guide](/bouncify/how-to-get-license) for detailed instructions on acquiring and activating your license.

## Install via One-Click Installer

<div style="position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; margin-bottom: 20px;">
  <iframe 
      style="position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;" 
      src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/oQNQDTUpGQU?si=L2ydDl9MwPkcf3fN&amp;controls=0&amp;rel=0&amp;modestbranding=1&amp;showinfo=0" 
      title="Bouncify Installation Guide" 
      frameborder="0" 
      allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
      allowfullscreen>
  </iframe>
</div>

1. **Create Database and Upload Files**
  - Upload all files into the root folder of your hosting (typically `public_html`), excluding the following directories:
    ```
    /dist
    /node_modules
    /src
    /src-capacitor
    /statics
    ```

2. **Copy Configuration Files**
  - Copy the following files:
    ```
    .env.example -> .env
    .htaccess.example -> .htaccess
    ```

3. **Start Installation**
  - Navigate to `your-domain-name.com/install` to begin the installation process.
  - Follow the step-by-step installation wizard:

    ### Step 1: System and Requirements Check

    In this first step, the installer performs two important checks:

    **System Requirements**
    - Verifies PHP version (8.2 or higher)
    - Checks required PHP extensions
    - Validates server configurations
    
    **Directory Permissions**
    - Ensures critical directories are writable
    - Confirms file permissions are correctly set
    
    All items should display a green checkmark. If you see any red indicators, you'll need to resolve these issues before continuing.

    ![System Requirements Check](/bouncify/installer-1.png)

    ### Step 2: Application & Database Setup

    Here you'll configure the core settings for your application:

    **Application Settings**
    - **Application Name**: Choose a name for your Bouncify installation
    - **Admin Email**: This will be your administrator login
    - **License Key**: Enter your valid license key (purchased directly from our website)

    **Database Configuration**
    - **Database Name**: The name of your MySQL database
    - **Database Username**: Your database username
    - **Database Password**: Your database password
    - **Host**: Usually "localhost" unless using a remote database
    - **Port**: Default is 3306 for MySQL

    ![Application and Database Configuration](/bouncify/installer-2.png)

    ### Step 3: Installation Process

    During this step, the installer will:
    - Connect to your database
    - Create required tables
    - Import initial data
    - Configure core settings
    - Set up required services

    The progress bar shows the current installation status. This process typically takes 30-60 seconds depending on your server.

    ![Installation Progress](/bouncify/installer-3.png)

    ### Step 4: Installation Complete

    Upon successful completion, you'll see this confirmation screen with:
    - Success message
    - Admin login URL
    - Your admin credentials (email and password)
    - Additional important information

    Be sure to save your admin password before navigating away from this page!

    ![Installation Success](/bouncify/installer-4.png)

    Click the "Go to Admin Dashboard" button to access your new Bouncify dashboard.

## Add Cron Jobs

Cron jobs are scheduled tasks that run at predefined times or intervals on your server. They are essential for automating repetitive tasks such as running scripts, performing maintenance, or triggering specific actions at set times.

To set up cron jobs for Bouncify, add the following lines to your server's crontab:

```bash
# Find your PHP path using 'which php' command and replace as needed
* * * * * /usr/bin/env php {project-root}/artisan schedule:run >> /dev/null 2>&1
```

Replace `{project-root}` with the actual path to your Bouncify project. The `/usr/bin/env php` approach works across most systems, but you can specify the full path to your PHP version if needed (e.g., `/usr/local/bin/php` or `/usr/bin/php8.2`).

## Post Installation

After completing the installation, refer to the [Post Installation Guide](./post-installation.md) for additional setup steps and best practices to ensure your Bouncify site runs smoothly.

Commit message:

Update license instructions to specify the use of Envato Purchase Code and link to the License Activation Guide

docs/bouncify/installation.md, after:

---
titleTemplate: Bouncify
---

# Installation

This section will guide you through setting up a basic Bouncify documentation site from scratch.

::: danger WARNING
Bouncify can't be installed on shared hosting. It requires a VPS or dedicated server with root access. If you are using shared hosting, please consider upgrading to a VPS or dedicated server.
:::

::: info
For upgrading your existing Bouncify installation, please refer to the [Upgrade Guide](/bouncify/upgrade) for detailed instructions.
:::

## Server Requirements

To run **Bouncify** efficiently, ensure that your server meets the following requirements. These include the web server, PHP version, necessary extensions, and database requirements.

#### Web Server
- **Apache**, **nginx**, or any other compatible web server.

#### PHP Requirements
- **PHP Version**: >= 8.3 (Recommended: Latest stable release of PHP 8.3 or 8.4)
- **Required PHP Extensions**:
  - **BCMath**
  - **Ctype**
  - **cURL**
  - **DOM**
  - **Fileinfo**
  - **JSON**
  - **Mbstring**
  - **OpenSSL**
  - **PCRE**
  - **PDO**
  - **SQLite**
  - **Tokenizer**
  - **XML**

#### Database
- **MySQL**: Latest version recommended (minimum MySQL 5.7 or MariaDB 10.2)

#### Recommended Configurations
For optimal performance:
- Use **nginx** as the web server for faster performance and scalability.
- Enable **Opcache** to improve PHP execution speed.
- Allocate sufficient memory (`memory_limit`) in your `php.ini` file (e.g., 1024M or higher).

#### Verify Your Server Setup
Run the following command to check your PHP environment and confirm required extensions are enabled:

```bash
php -m
```

This command will list all installed PHP modules. Cross-check it with the list above to ensure compatibility.

::: warning
This project utilizes the latest Laravel version (currently 11.x). Refer to the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) for more information.

The root folder for Laravel is `/public`. Do not install it in a sub-folder; using a sub-domain is preferable over a sub-folder. We do not support installing our product in a sub-folder.
:::

## How to Get a License

To use Bouncify, you must enter a valid **Envato Purchase Code**. You will receive this code after purchasing the item on [CodeCanyon](https://codecanyon.net). Please refer to the [License Activation Guide](/bouncify/how-to-get-license.html) for detailed steps on how to activate your copy.

## Install via One-Click Installer

<div style="position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; margin-bottom: 20px;">
  <iframe 
      style="position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;" 
      src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/oQNQDTUpGQU?si=L2ydDl9MwPkcf3fN&amp;controls=0&amp;rel=0&amp;modestbranding=1&amp;showinfo=0" 
      title="Bouncify Installation Guide" 
      frameborder="0" 
      allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
      allowfullscreen>
  </iframe>
</div>

1. **Create Database and Upload Files**
  - Upload all files into the root folder of your hosting (typically `public_html`), excluding the following directories:
    ```
    /dist
    /node_modules
    /src
    /src-capacitor
    /statics
    ```

2. **Copy Configuration Files**
  - Copy the following files:
    ```
    .env.example -> .env
    .htaccess.example -> .htaccess
    ```

3. **Start Installation**
  - Navigate to `your-domain-name.com/install` to begin the installation process.
  - Follow the step-by-step installation wizard:

    ### Step 1: System and Requirements Check

    In this first step, the installer performs two important checks:

    **System Requirements**
    - Verifies PHP version (8.2 or higher)
    - Checks required PHP extensions
    - Validates server configurations
    
    **Directory Permissions**
    - Ensures critical directories are writable
    - Confirms file permissions are correctly set
    
    All items should display a green checkmark. If you see any red indicators, you'll need to resolve these issues before continuing.

    ![System Requirements Check](/bouncify/installer-1.png)

    ### Step 2: Application & Database Setup

    Here you'll configure the core settings for your application:

    **Application Settings**
    - **Application Name**: Choose a name for your Bouncify installation
    - **Admin Email**: This will be your administrator login
    - **License Key**: Enter your valid license key (purchased directly from our website)

    **Database Configuration**
    - **Database Name**: The name of your MySQL database
    - **Database Username**: Your database username
    - **Database Password**: Your database password
    - **Host**: Usually "localhost" unless using a remote database
    - **Port**: Default is 3306 for MySQL

    ![Application and Database Configuration](/bouncify/installer-2.png)

    ### Step 3: Installation Process

    During this step, the installer will:
    - Connect to your database
    - Create required tables
    - Import initial data
    - Configure core settings
    - Set up required services

    The progress bar shows the current installation status. This process typically takes 30-60 seconds depending on your server.

    ![Installation Progress](/bouncify/installer-3.png)

    ### Step 4: Installation Complete

    Upon successful completion, you'll see this confirmation screen with:
    - Success message
    - Admin login URL
    - Your admin credentials (email and password)
    - Additional important information

    Be sure to save your admin password before navigating away from this page!

    ![Installation Success](/bouncify/installer-4.png)

    Click the "Go to Admin Dashboard" button to access your new Bouncify dashboard.

## Add Cron Jobs

Cron jobs are scheduled tasks that run at predefined times or intervals on your server. They are essential for automating repetitive tasks such as running scripts, performing maintenance, or triggering specific actions at set times.

To set up cron jobs for Bouncify, add the following lines to your server's crontab:

```bash
# Find your PHP path using 'which php' command and replace as needed
* * * * * /usr/bin/env php {project-root}/artisan schedule:run >> /dev/null 2>&1
```

Replace `{project-root}` with the actual path to your Bouncify project. The `/usr/bin/env php` approach works across most systems, but you can specify the full path to your PHP version if needed (e.g., `/usr/local/bin/php` or `/usr/bin/php8.2`).

## Post Installation

After completing the installation, refer to the [Post Installation Guide](./post-installation.md) for additional setup steps and best practices to ensure your Bouncify site runs smoothly.
