docs/nitrofit28/index.md, before:

---
titleTemplate: NitroFIT28
---

# Gym & Fitness Management System

## Introduction
NitroFIT28 is an easy-to-use gym and fitness management system. It helps you to keep track of the records of your members and their memberships, and allows easy communication between admin and your.

Created: `Oct 1st, 2022`<br>
By: `Coderstm`<br>
Email: `hello@coderstm.com`<br>
Version: `v5.3.2`

Thank you for purchasing this product. If you have any questions that are beyond the scope of this help file, please feel free to email via my user page contact form here for quickly support. Thank you so much!

## Demo
Homepage: https://nitrofit28.coderstm.com<br>
Admin Area: https://nitrofit28.coderstm.com/admin<br>
Member Area: https://nitrofit28.coderstm.com/user<br>
Username: `hello@coderstm.com`<br>
Password: `Pa$$w0rd!`

## Features
- **Membership Management**
  - Manage member profiles and track memberships.
  - Automated membership renewals and reminders.
  - Flexible membership plans (monthly, yearly, etc.).
  - Online signups with automated onboarding and secure payments.
  - Role-based access control for secure staff and member management.
  - Online payment integration (Stripe, PayPal, Razorpay, etc.).

- **Billing & Invoicing**
  - Integrated payment gateways for seamless billing.
  - Automated invoicing and payment reminders.
  - Automatic payment collection and recurring billing. (Add-on)

- **Class & Appointment Scheduling**
  - Online class booking and appointment scheduling.
  - Automated booking confirmations and waitlist management.
  - Class capacity and calendar view.
  - Assign trainers to classes and personal sessions.
  - Track trainer availability and performance.

- **Attendance & Access Control**
  - Check-in system using QR codes.
  - Check-in system using biometric devices. (Add-on)
  - Real-time attendance reports and trends.
  - Manage attendance with QR code scanner.
  - Monitor member access in real-time.

- **Analytics & Reporting**
  - Membership growth and revenue reports.
  - Booking trends and class attendance analytics.
  - Exportable reports for easy data management.

- **Communication Tools**
  - SMS and email notifications for reminders, promotions, and updates.
  - Push notifications for mobile app users.

- **Multi-Location & Branch Management**
  - Centralized management for multiple gym locations.
  - Products with stock inventory management (multi-location support).

- **Multi-Theme Frontend (New)**
  - Offer multiple theme options for the gym’s website and member portal.
  - Easy theme switching with customizable colors, fonts, and layouts.
  - Gym owners can personalize their frontend to match their brand identity.
  - Mobile-responsive themes that look great on any device.

- **Mobile App Support**
  - iOS and Android apps for members and admins.

- **E-commerce & POS Integration**
  - Powerful shop module with POS system.
  - Sell simple or variable products with stock inventory management.

- **Additional Features**
  - Multi-language support.
  - Easy to set up.
  - Clean, well-organized code.
  - Free lifetime updates.
  - Quick, dedicated, and professional support.

## Coderstm Team
Visit us at https://coderstm.com

Commit message:

Remove Gympify announcement from layout and add it to NitroFIT28 documentation for better visibility

docs/nitrofit28/index.md, after:

---
titleTemplate: NitroFIT28
---

# Gym & Fitness Management System

## Introduction
NitroFIT28 is an easy-to-use gym and fitness management system. It helps you to keep track of the records of your members and their memberships, and allows easy communication between admin and your.

Created: `Oct 1st, 2022`<br>
By: `Coderstm`<br>
Email: `hello@coderstm.com`<br>
Version: `v5.3.2`

Thank you for purchasing this product. If you have any questions that are beyond the scope of this help file, please feel free to email via my user page contact form here for quickly support. Thank you so much!

::: tip 🎉 **Exciting News!** 🎉

We are thrilled to announce the launch of **Gympify**, our latest SaaS offering derived from NitroFIT28! Gympify is designed to streamline gym and fitness management, providing enhanced features for both administrators and members.

👉 Check it out here: [Gympify](https://coderstm.gumroad.com/l/gympify)
:::

## Demo
Homepage: https://nitrofit28.coderstm.com<br>
Admin Area: https://nitrofit28.coderstm.com/admin<br>
Member Area: https://nitrofit28.coderstm.com/user<br>
Username: `hello@coderstm.com`<br>
Password: `Pa$$w0rd!`

## Features
- **Membership Management**
  - Manage member profiles and track memberships.
  - Automated membership renewals and reminders.
  - Flexible membership plans (monthly, yearly, etc.).
  - Online signups with automated onboarding and secure payments.
  - Role-based access control for secure staff and member management.
  - Online payment integration (Stripe, PayPal, Razorpay, etc.).

- **Billing & Invoicing**
  - Integrated payment gateways for seamless billing.
  - Automated invoicing and payment reminders.
  - Automatic payment collection and recurring billing. (Add-on)

- **Class & Appointment Scheduling**
  - Online class booking and appointment scheduling.
  - Automated booking confirmations and waitlist management.
  - Class capacity and calendar view.
  - Assign trainers to classes and personal sessions.
  - Track trainer availability and performance.

- **Attendance & Access Control**
  - Check-in system using QR codes.
  - Check-in system using biometric devices. (Add-on)
  - Real-time attendance reports and trends.
  - Manage attendance with QR code scanner.
  - Monitor member access in real-time.

- **Analytics & Reporting**
  - Membership growth and revenue reports.
  - Booking trends and class attendance analytics.
  - Exportable reports for easy data management.

- **Communication Tools**
  - SMS and email notifications for reminders, promotions, and updates.
  - Push notifications for mobile app users.

- **Multi-Location & Branch Management**
  - Centralized management for multiple gym locations.
  - Products with stock inventory management (multi-location support).

- **Multi-Theme Frontend (New)**
  - Offer multiple theme options for the gym’s website and member portal.
  - Easy theme switching with customizable colors, fonts, and layouts.
  - Gym owners can personalize their frontend to match their brand identity.
  - Mobile-responsive themes that look great on any device.

- **Mobile App Support**
  - iOS and Android apps for members and admins.

- **E-commerce & POS Integration**
  - Powerful shop module with POS system.
  - Sell simple or variable products with stock inventory management.

- **Additional Features**
  - Multi-language support.
  - Easy to set up.
  - Clean, well-organized code.
  - Free lifetime updates.
  - Quick, dedicated, and professional support.

## Coderstm Team
Visit us at https://coderstm.com
